Get into bed and start the 90 minutes of ASMR campfire sounds for sleep and relaxation on your phone (even though you won’t hear it).

Roll up the silicone earplugs that you washed in warm water earlier and push them, one at a time, into your ears. Not too deep.

Take the silky eye mask and secure it around your head. Not too tight. You can see a strip of light peeking through from below your eyes, it doesn’t bother you.

Lay your head on the pillow and when you are ready, reach out your arm into the void to feel for the cable of your bedside lamp. Gently flick the switch to welcome in the dark.

Settle into the darkness. There’s nothing but the sound of your breath, amplified by your plugged ears, and the whirling shapes and colours on the inside of your eyelids.

Concentrate on your breath now. The rise and fall of your horizontal torso. Breathe in through your nose and out through your mouth. In through your nose and out through your mouth. Slower. Deeper.

Notice how your breath sounds like waves. The gentle give and take of the sea, expanding upon and drawing away from the shoreline. Give and take. Expanding upon and drawing away from.

There is nothing but your breath now, nothing but the waves.

You’re on a beach now, the waves that were your breath are now visible. The sea is a rich indigo, the waves gentle yet frothy. You can’t tell if they are moving or still, they are both.

Far in the horizon you see your own head, giant, horizontal, half visible above the water. Your eyes are shut as if you are experiencing the most perfect sleep and you mouth is wide open so that the breath from your nose and mouth can move the waves.

The sky is a lighter purple, streaked with unmoving fluffy clouds and impossibly large cartoon-like stars. Everything is alive with energy yet perfectly still.

You look down at your feet, sinking slightly into the sand. The beach is made of iridescent silver grains of sand, translucent shells and trinkets left behind by other insomniacs. Others have been here before. You might have been here before.

If you turn and look behind you, away from the sea. You see dense woodland made up of trees that shouldn’t be able to coexist - pines and palms. It is dark in there. Darker than after you put your eye mask on and turned off the lights. You can feel that there is something looking back from the darkness. 

Don’t look behind you.

Focus on your breath until you feel calm again. Slower, deeper, slower, deeper, give and take, give and take, expanding upon and drawing away from, expanding upon and drawing away from. Look out at the waves, full of still energy and notice how the waves move in time with your breath, both the giant you’s breath and your own.

Take a few steps forward - towards the sea, not towards the trees. Don’t look at the trees anymore. You can’t remember the trees anymore but you know they are there still.Turn your head slightly to your left.

Half amongst the still yet moving sea foam you can see yourself, laying on the sand. You are laying in the semi-foetal position you usually sleep in. Your face looks as peaceful as your other face, the giant version of you in the horizon. You are naked.
 Approach yourself now, the sleeping you. Concentrate on the sleeping you’s breath, the slow rise and deep fall of their horizontal torso. It matches the giant you’s breath that moves the waves. It matches your breath.

Touch your sleeping self’s skin and notice how warm it feels. The waves touching your giant self are warm too. You feel warm, you feel at ease

You embrace your sleeping self, wrapping your arms around yourself. You feel your torsos moving as one, slowly, deeply, rising and falling, breathe in and out, giving and taking, expanding upon and drawing away.

Close by, a door has appeared. You don’t notice it at first but eventually you raise your eyes and see it. It is a wooden door, painted with white gloss, the kind you might find in a family home. It has a matching frame and a brass handle. It stands alone, no walls attached, no room behind it. It should surprise you but it doesn’t. Even though it doesn’t make sense, even though it is out of place, this is exactly what needs to happen, it is what happened before. 

You keep looking at the door, from your tangled embrace on the sand and it slowly opens even though the handle has not moved. 

Behind the door is endless blue. You couldn’t describe the shade of blue even if you tried, it isn’t dark or light or anywhere in-between but you know it is a colour you have seen before. It emanates a reassuring calmness, a cool certainty. It might be vibrating slightly, can you feel it?

You untangle yourselves and stand. You look into the blue. You don’t know how long you have been looking when a figure appears in the doorway, a woman. She doesn’t have any defining features, or none that you will remember, but you feel she is old.

You should be scared, but you aren’t. This is exactly who you expected to meet - you have met her before.

She extends some of her arms out of the doorway towards you and waits, more still than any of the stillness around you. You know what to do.

You bend again and put your arms under your sleeping self, lifting yourself from the sand and the froth. You are solid, yet you don’t seem to weigh anything. You turn and approach the doorway and the waiting arms of the woman.

Like carrying a sleeping child from the car to bed, you hand yourself over to the woman. She nods.

You are your sleeping self now. Your eyes are closed but you can see. The woman takes a few steps back into the blue and begins to dissolve into it. The door silently yet firmly closes. You are surrounded by the impossible blue. It is cool but not cold in any unpleasant way. You lose sense of the edges of your body as you begin to dissolve into the blue as well, the numbness works its way to your core.

You are asleep.